Alright, uh, can everyone hear me okay? I think Priya is still joining.
[background notification sound]
Yep, I can hear you. There's a little echo, though. Maybe someone has two tabs open?
Sorry, that was me, one sec, muting the browser.
Great. Let's get started. This is the weekly launch readiness sync for the mobile checkout update.
Main things today: payment failure spike, App Store submission timing, and whether we're still okay for the June 18 rollout.
Before we jump in, quick note, the dashboard numbers I shared last night were incomplete. Mixpanel lagged by like, forty minutes.
Okay, thanks. Let's start with incidents. Daniel, can you walk us through the payment issue from yesterday?
Sure. Between roughly 3:10 and 4:00 PM, card authorization failures went from our normal three-point-two percent to about eleven percent on Android only.
We traced most of it to the new retry logic after token refresh. In some cases the client was sending the old cart hash.
Wait, when you say old cart hash, do you mean stale state from local storage or from the server payload?
Local storage, mostly. There are two edge cases where it might also happen if the app resumes from background after more than thirty minutes.
Sorry, can you repeat the exact window? I was writing something else down.
Yeah, around 3:10 to 4:00 PM yesterday, India time.
And current status? Is this still happening in production right now?
No, we feature-flagged the retry path off at 4:18 PM, and rates dropped back to baseline within, maybe, eight minutes.
I checked again this morning. The failed-payment trend is normal now, though conversion for returning Android users is still a bit soft.
Soft meaning how much? Sorry, your audio cut out for a second.
About one-point-four percent below last Thursday. Could be noise, could be residual confusion from users who hit the failure state yesterday.
From QA side, we reproduced the bug on version 5.12 beta with saved cards, but not on fresh installs.
Okay. So I think the real question is do we still ship the revised checkout on June 18, or do we push a week?
Marketing really wants June 18 because the campaign assets and partner emails are already timed around that date.
Understood, but we are not launching a broken experience because a newsletter is scheduled.
No, agreed, I’m not arguing that. I just want us to be explicit about the downstream impact if we slip.
If Daniel's fix lands today, QA can run the full checkout regression by tomorrow evening. Accessibility pass may spill into Saturday, though.
Saturday is okay if needed. I’d rather pay overtime than carry a risky payment bug into launch week.
[keyboard typing] [someone joins call]
Sorry I'm late. I was on with legal about the updated refund language.
Fine, we’re on launch risk. Arjun, any blocker from legal or compliance for the new checkout copy?
Not a blocker, but they want one line adjusted in the order review screen. I already dropped the proposed wording in Slack.
That’s a client-side string change only. Easy enough.
As long as the string doesn't overflow on smaller screens. The German locale was already tight there.
Good catch. Add German and French to the verification checklist.
On App Store timing, iOS build can go out today, but if we want the Android hotfix bundled, that means one release train, not two.
What does that do to timing, exactly?
If we bundle both platforms with the checkout fix, internal cutoff should be tomorrow 2 PM. Otherwise we risk missing review buffers.
Sorry, is that tomorrow 2 PM local for us or Pacific? Because Apple review timing always gets confusing.
Our local, India time. I already built in the timezone difference.
If we miss June 18, when's the next realistic date? June 25?
Probably June 25, yes. I don't want a random mid-cycle launch without support and analytics watching closely.
Honestly, I think we can still make June 18 if we keep the retry feature disabled and ship the stale-hash fix in the same release.
I mostly agree, but only if we also add a specific test for app resume after thirty-plus minutes. That's where the weirdness showed up.
Okay, let's turn that into a condition. We keep June 18 unless regression or resume-state testing fails.
That's enough for me. I just need a final go or no-go by Monday for campaign scheduling.
You'll have it by Monday 11 AM. Hold me to that.
Also, support asked whether we should prepare a macro in case users mention duplicate charges.
We didn't observe duplicate charges, only authorization failures. But yes, a precautionary macro is probably smart.
Agreed. Let's prepare it, but wording should say "if you saw a failed payment" not "if you were charged twice."
Can someone own the regression sheet updates? Mine has old column names from last sprint.
Leo, can you clean up the sheet and add the launch-decision column before noon?
Yes, I’ll do that before noon.
Daniel, I need the Android fix PR up by 1 PM, even if it's still marked draft.
Draft PR by 1 PM, final by, realistically, 3 PM.
Fine. Priya, can QA start smoke testing on the draft build, then full regression after merge?
Yes, assuming I have a stable build by late afternoon.
I’ll monitor conversion and payment metrics every two hours today and post in the launch channel.
Great. Arjun, please draft the support macro and get legal to bless the wording.
Yep, I can send a draft by 4 PM.
[coughing] [chair movement]
One small thing, do we still want the in-app banner saying "faster checkout" on day one? It feels a bit risky given yesterday.
Good question. Let's not lead with "faster." Let's change the copy to "updated checkout experience."
Okay, I’ll update creative and resend the mock.
Sorry, I know we're almost at time, but the beta crash on the promo-code screen, is that in scope for launch or separate?
Separate issue. It’s annoying but low volume, and not caused by this checkout work. Still, I have a fix in another branch.
Not for this release unless it becomes severe. Let's keep the launch branch narrow.
I need to drop in thirty seconds. Anything else on metrics before I go?
No, just post the noon update and flag me directly if Android failure rate goes above five percent again.
Got it.
Actually, one last item. Finance asked when the vendor invoice for the third-party fraud tool gets approved.
Not this meeting, please. Put it in the ops sync unless it affects launch.
It doesn't. I'll move it.
Okay, recapping quickly: launch date stays June 18 provisionally, Daniel owns the stale-hash fix, Priya owns validation,
Leo updates the sheet and creative, Ethan monitors metrics, Arjun drafts support messaging.
Final go or no-go decision Monday by 11 AM. Anything critical I missed?
Nope.
All good.
Good here.
Covered.
Great, thanks everyone.
[call ended]